Bluetooth: Mesh: Added Ambient Light Sensor (#11127)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

Bluetooth samples
=================

.. rst-class:: v2-4-0

NCSDK-21590: :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_sensor_client` sample does not compile for nRF52832
  Adding mesh shell support for the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_sensor_client` sample increases the need for RAM.

>   The :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_sensor_client` sample is not able to compile because of RAM shortage.

Author: I think it should sy why.

Bluetooth mesh
==============

.. rst-class:: v2-4-0

NCSDK-21590: Sensor client sample does not compile for nRF52832

>   Adding mesh shell support for the sensor client increase the need of RAM, and the sensor client sample is not able to compile because of shortage of RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Adding mesh shell support for the sensor client sample increases the need for RAM.
  The sensor client sample is not able to compile because of RAM shortage.
```
